hi everyone in this video I will be
doing a review and I will be reviewing
madam glam chameleon gel polishes I have
a nice little box here that they put all
the polishes in and when I took the lid
off they were wrapped in red tissue
paper and when I opened it up the
polishes were also wrapped in bubble
wrap you can see here that they sent me
a top gel a base gel and three chameleon
color-changing polishes right here I'm
showing you a comparison to the cnda
shellac bottle the CND shellac bottle
says it's 7.3 mils or point 25 fluid
ounces and the madam glam is saying that
it is 10 mil and if we turn it this way
it looks to be about the same size
first off you know I always give honest
reviews there is absolutely no smell
that's offensive with these gel polishes
no smell at all with the top coat or
base and I really like that the coverage
goes on nicely you can get away with at
just one coat but in this tutorial I
will be using two coats now I do think
that it's a little bit thick than some
of the other name-brand gel polishes
that I've used and the next thing these
bottles of gel polish even their other
gel polishes are 1995 each personally I
think that's quite expensive myself if
you compare it to the national brands
like jealous Orla chat or shellac for
instance these are 1995 a bottle on the
screen you will see a coupon code and
that is for you to use when you check
out to get 30% off your order so be sure
to look in the description box for the
link and go there place your order enter
your coupon code and there you go 30%
off it's really basically all I have to
say about these nail polishes that
they're pretty good they're pretty good
polishes a little bit on the expensive
side and I so far I like these colors
here and I think they're pretty so thank
you madam glam for allowing me the
opportunity to review your beautiful
chameleon polishes that are gel and
enjoy the tutorial everyone
right now as I'm adding a small drop of
white gel polish and I'm going to mix
that with a couple drops of the clear
top gel from madam glam and I'm going to
mix that together to make a translucent
white over here I'm going to leave this
little drop of the top gel for later and
you'll see what I'm going to do with
that I'm going to take that translucent
white and I'm going to paint the nail
with it
and now with my small liner brush I'm
going to use droplets of that top gel
and just drop it on the uncured white
gel the transparent color that we made
just different sizes and once that is
complete you can cure that in your UV
lamp for two minutes
to do is to apply the top gel and cure
it in a UV lamp for two minutes and
before you cure it you can go ahead and
add some small little seashells or a
little starfish or whatever you want
the hand model at the end of my video
happens to be my mother and she's in her
mid-70s thanks mom for being my hand
model